INTRO
| Am . . . | C . . . | F . . . | C . . . | (x2)

VERSE
G                           C
Sail on the horizon's got a landfall rendezvous
G                                      C
Captain steers a well-known course, he steers it straight and true
      F                   C               F                         G
As he trims the sheets he sings a song he learned on boats and bars
  F                 C              G                 C
A sailor spends his Christmas in a harbor 'neath the stars

He's traveled the doldrums, typhoons and hurricanes
He's logged a million soggy miles with water on his brain
But Christmas is the season better suited for dry land
He'll tell some lies, meet some spies, and dance barefoot in the sand

    CHORUS
      Am                Em             F             G 
    A sailor spends his Christmas in a harbor on the hook
       F       C         F      C          F                     G
    Ka-lee, ko-lay... no work today, let's shelve the old log book
        F             C             F            G
    The waterfront is reveling, the season has begun
      F                 C              G             C
    A sailor spends his Christmas in a harbor having fun

There's a party down at Le Selecte... all music, rum, and cheers
The faces in the shadows, God, I haven't seen for years
The mast and shroud are filled with lights 'neath the waning of the moon
There's an air of celebration in the realm of King Neptune

    A sailor spends his Christmas in a harbor on the hook
    Ka-lee, ko-lay... no work today... let's shelve the old log book
    The waterfront is reveling, the season has begun
    A sailor spends his Christmas in a harbor having fun
                                                       [Am on "fun"]
[intro chords w/ riff x 2]

Jesus was a fisherman who walked upon the sea
The North Pole is the ocean's remote rose and balcony
The continents keep drifting but the children sing and play
'Cause nothing really matters, after all its Christmas day

    A sailor spends his Christmas in a harbor on the hook
    Ka-lee, ko-lay... no work today, he read it in a book
    The waterfront is reveling, the season has begun
    A sailor spends his Christmas in a harbor having fun

    A sailor spends his Christmas in a harbor having fun
    (...having fun ...having fun ...having fun ...having fun)
                                    [finish with intro chords/riff]